{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12560\viewh14580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 You have ten dollars in your pocket. You\'92ve grown hungry, and it\'92s about time for lunch. Do you leave the office or stay? 
\b (l/s)
\b0 \
	
\i\b l:
\b0  You walk outside and turn towards your favorite sandwich shop. That Hamilton is burning a 	hole in your pocket. Suddenly, a man gestures toward you. Do you stop to talk or continue walking? 
\b (s/c)
\b0 \
		
\b s: 
\b0 The man tells you that he needs a bus ticket to go see his grandmother. She is very ill, but he won\'92t say with what. How much do you give him? (#)\
			
\b <3: 
\b0 That\'92s very generous of you. The man seems happy. Is a bus ticket that cheap? It doesn\'92t matter. You still have enough to get your favorite sandwich for lunch. \
			
\b >3 and <10: 
\b0 You are a most charitable person. However, you don\'92t have enough money to buy lunch anymore. Do you return to the office hungry or keep searching? (r/s)\
				
\b r: 
\b0 Sad, defeated, and hungry, you return to the office and think about eating the sandwich you almost bought. \
				
\b s:
\b0  Your hunger gets the best of you and you attempt to dine-and-ditch at the restaurant. You get caught and wind up in the back of a police car. It\'92s unclear when you will 				return to work. \
			
\b >10: 
\b0 You give the man you $10 bill and your watch as well. You aren\'92t sure whether you\'92ve been hustled or were are just a generous person. This internal conflict distracts you from your 			hunger until dinnertime. \
		
\b c: 
\b0 You are on a mission, and you don\'92t have time for anything that isn\'92t a sandwich. Do you call your order in ahead of time, or risk waiting in line? (c/w)\
			
\b c:
\b0  The shop picks up on the first ring and you place your order with no issues. You pick up your sandwich and ease into a state of blissful solitude until lunchtime is over. \
			
\b w: 
\b0 You arrive at the shop and the line is out the door. You\'92ll never have time to wait in line and get your sandwich before your meeting. You should have left earlier!
\i0 \
	
\b s:
\b0  You decide to look around for food. Do you go to the front desk or to the kitchen? (fd/k)\
		
\b fd:
\b0  The only thing here is a large bowl of butterscotch candies. How many do you decide 		to take for lunch? (number)\
			
\b <25
\b0 : That\'92s not a very nutritious lunch, but it will do for today. Back to work! \
			
\b >25:
\b0  You begin to gorge on the butterscotch candies. The sugar makes you feel 			sick, and you regurgitate in the office lobby. The facilities team hates you now. \
		
\b k: 
\b0 You open the fridge. Inside, you see a bowl of pasta and a turkey sandwich. Which 		one do you take? (p/t)\
			
\b p:
\b0  You bring the bowl of pasta back to your desk and eat quietly. It tastes a bit 			old, but at least you didn\'92t have to leave the office! \
			
\b t: 
\b0 Uh-oh - it looks like that was the boss\'92s lunch. He loves turkey. You should 			know that. You\'92re fired!\
		}